When we do the practices, we have beautiful motivation, such as joy and appreciation and devotions
and bodhicata.
And those are the fundamental foundations of the way we practice, when we like to achieve or
progress of the dharmon practices.
Otherwise, the practices become of intellectual and scholarly levels.
Scholar level practice or kind of understanding, of course, is very special, it has great benefit.
But full realization or progress of the practices comes with joy, appreciation, devotion and bodhic
ata.
We know that those beautiful foundations and beautiful kind of qualities, practicing, is becoming
only intellectual,
is hovering on the brain, is not really settling down to the heart.
And read the life story of all these great masters, what we call, and how they achieve the
realization, how they got.
They are the most renowned scholars in all the time.
They are mostly intellectuals in all times.
They are not just believers, believing, believing.
They are totally examined, investigated, analyzed.
And they are the most, really, all the time, and great masters, scholars, they can do.
But when they come to realization, how that realization grows is because joy, appreciation,
devotion and bodhicata.
And if you have that, and the knowledge of the teaching, blend it together, that individually is
like Garuda.
That individually is like lions.
They don't have pairs, troubles in the samsara, difficult challenges, whatever comes.
That troubles and challenges become as reactivating of their realization, their understanding, move
forward.
And read those life stories. So therefore, again, I'm saying, the motivation is so important, so
please don't miss that.
And that is joy, appreciation, devotion and bodhicata.
With this, we practice this Vedic life.
And we practice this Vedic life to all, every living being, as we say this morning, practices for
everyone.
We practice it. That's what is called bodhicata practice.
It's not the ego-cling of practice. It is bodhicata practices.
So therefore, again, it is through those reminding, and now we begin.
Before that, we are going to do a few minutes of silence of meditation and with beautiful
motivation, and then we begin from the very end.